h2. General information

Under https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Git+Parameter+Plugin you find information about

* Plug-Info (useage)
* Known Limitations/Bugs

Here you find information relevant for developer for this plugin. 

* Visit https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Hosting+Plugins for "information about developing Jenkins-Plugins":https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Hosting+Plugins

* You may checkout/clone this project and build it by simply calling @mvn clean install@ in the root of the checkout. Test your changes by going to your Jenkins-CI site and import the generated @target/git-parameter.hpi@ by going to your base URL + @jenkins/pluginManager/advanced@. There you find an option to upload a plugin.

h2. ChangeLog

upcoming Version 0.3

* Display month not minutes in date. Add HH.mm. Display only first 8 chars of SHA1 (Niklaus Giger)
* Merging SortMode from graeme-hill
* Add backup pluginRepository (Gabor Liptak)
* Use GitTool to query configured location of the git executable (gliptak)
* Upgrade to git 2.2.0. (christ66)
* Run clone when fetch fails on workspace empty (Gabor Liptak)
* Build against latest stable Jenkins-CI version 1.554.1
* New maintainer/developer

02/21/12 Version 0.2

* Corrected error - plugin wasn't showing anything after change of main Git Plugin
* Corrected major disfunctionality - plugin now it showing revisions only from correct job/project.
* Adding support for choosing branch from which revisions/tags are returned

11/01/11 Version 0.1

* Initial Release

h2. TODO:

* With an empty workspace the tags get not listed

* Merge pending pull requests
** https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-parameter-plugin/pulls (4 pull request on May-03-2014)
** https://github.com/lukanus/git-parameter/pulls (3 pull request on May-03-2014)

* Fix the pending issues from
** https://github.com/lukanus/git-parameter/issues (12 issues on May-03-2014)


h2. Development history:

This plugin was offered to the community by lukanus (Łukasz Miłkowski <lukanus@uaznia.net>) end of 2011. He was active till February 2012.

In May 2014 ngiger (Niklaus Giger niklaus.giger) decided to maintain this plugin and bring in the various improvements made by others.
